README.md, before:

<a href="https://discord.gg/bWN57F5CCA"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/social/discord-plural_vector.svg" alt="Join Debuggycord on Discord!" height=64></a> <a href="https://modrinth.com/mod/arch-ex"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg" alt="Download on Modrinth." height=64></a> <a href="https://github.com/DebuggyTeam/architecture-extensions/wiki"><img alt="Read the Architecture Extensions documentation." height=64 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/documentation/generic_vector.svg"></a>

## About Architecture Extensions
The mod idea for Architecture Extensions is technically based off the old ![ArchitectureCraft mod from MC 1.8-1.10](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architecturecraft). The major differences are that the added blocks are not "super detailed" like in the original AC mod and there are blocks that are not in the original mod either.

To discuss this mod or give suggestions/feedback, join Debuggy Community: https://debuggy.gay/discord

## About Ports
The debuggy team welcomes third party ports to previous minecraft versions, but respectfully asks that you don't port to Forge or Fabric.

## Credits
- Carter for the Rose Quartz and H Beam textures: https://github.com/woodiertexas/architecture-extensions/pull/8
- Azagwen for the roof block models: https://github.com/woodiertexas/architecture-extensions/pull/7
- Everyone in the Quilt Community discord for helping me with this mod.
- Crackers0106 for mod icon.
- Maximum for rewriting the whole mod and adding datagen stuff on top: https://github.com/DebuggyTeam/architecture-extensions/pull/16
- Falkreon for helping with datagen stuff.

## Contributors
![contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=debuggyteam/architecture-extensions)

Commit message:

Update README.md for the 1.19.X versions of Arch-Ex

README.md, after:

<a href="https://discord.gg/bWN57F5CCA"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/social/discord-plural_vector.svg" alt="Join Debuggycord on Discord!" height=64></a> <a href="https://modrinth.com/mod/arch-ex"><img src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg" alt="Download on Modrinth." height=64></a> <a href="https://github.com/DebuggyTeam/architecture-extensions/wiki"><img alt="Read the Architecture Extensions documentation." height=64 src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/intergrav/devins-badges/assets/cozy/documentation/generic_vector.svg"></a>

# WARNING: Arch-Ex 2.X is unsupported!
Any bug reports or feature suggestions for Arch-ex 2.X will be closed. Please use a [newer version](https://modrinth.com/mod/arch-ex/versions) of Arch-Ex.

## About Architecture Extensions
The mod idea for Architecture Extensions is technically based off the old ![ArchitectureCraft mod from MC 1.8-1.10](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/architecturecraft). The major differences are that the added blocks are not "super detailed" like in the original AC mod and there are blocks that are not in the original mod either.

To discuss this mod or give suggestions/feedback, join Debuggy Community: https://debuggy.gay/discord

## About Ports
The debuggy team welcomes third party ports to previous minecraft versions, but respectfully asks that you don't port to Forge or Fabric.

## Credits
- Carter for the Rose Quartz and H Beam textures: https://github.com/woodiertexas/architecture-extensions/pull/8
- Azagwen for the roof block models: https://github.com/woodiertexas/architecture-extensions/pull/7
- Everyone in the Quilt Community discord for helping me with this mod.
- Crackers0106 for mod icon.
- Maximum for rewriting the whole mod and adding datagen stuff on top: https://github.com/DebuggyTeam/architecture-extensions/pull/16
- Falkreon for helping with datagen stuff.

## Contributors
![contributors](https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=debuggyteam/architecture-extensions)
